# CS-340-Portfolio
Work I have done across Computer Science courses up until CS 340

  Writing maintainable, readable, and adaptable code helps break down code into components which makes things easier to understand and navigate. It also helps with naming since coding this way means using meaningful and descriptive names for variables, functions, and classes, which helps readability of code. This also helps with consistency which is a big part of coding like this. The last part is documentation which could help for complex sections of codes, or to help explain your thought process through a tough problem that you solved. Some advantages of this are reusability, scalability, and readability, especially with CRUD. I used the same crud module through multiple projects in this course alone and plan to use it for many more in the future.

  As a computer scientist I approach problems by first trying to understand why we have the problem in the first place so I can get a basis of the requirements we are going to need toe meet to solve the problem at hand. Then I break down the problem and divide it into smaller tasks that I can feel a sense of accomplishment marking down. This also helps with burnout as you can turn it into a burndown graph and see your progression through the problem giving you that sweet satisfaction. The difference in this course is the use of the VM. It at times makes things trickier working on a different machine but none the less you get acquainted with it and it starts to become second nature.

    The role of computer sciences is very broad but I believe that they are the main contribution to technological advancements and innovation, since code is usually the backbone to any major engineering project. They definitely aren't limited to this as we have seen in this course a big role of theirs that they need to fill is the abliity to improve user experience. UX is just as important as anything else, and no one understands how to actually get from backend code to frontend code in an understandable manner better than the programmers of the backend code themselves. So having that talent is very useful and I feel like this course has done a good job of introducing me to the basics of it
